hi cuckoo birds I'm Alex the French guy
cooking and today we're making a note
I'm French classic the Mormon air has
known as mussels in Marinette sauce
fresh seafood in a battery white wine
and shallots sauce so it's tasty it's
cheap it's easy and it's a French dish
you can make in under 10 minutes come on
guys let's do it
first up grab a few shallots and mince
them roughly - 2 cloves of garlic pick
up a small bunch of parsley and a stalk
of celery for both separate the leaves
from the stalks we use the fine and
tender leaves in the dish but fiber
Stokes will pimp and pump up the flavors
of a bunch of dried herbs so I guess
that's it for the Museum + ms on bass
yeah middle class is just a fancy French
word for preparation but you know it's
always good to insert a fancy French
word into a cooking conversation so I
was too shaped by the chef's needle at
the cafe but it felt like deja vu maybe
that's too much now we need some mussels
and I reckon this seafood is quite
amazing it's cheap delicious versatile
and on top of that it's sustainable use
about a kilo of mussels for two people
start by rinsing them and are running
cold water give them a good scrub and
remove any dirt barnacles of fiber stuff
very important
discard the broken ones and also the
ones who would not close when lightly
squeezed in a large casserole pan over
medium heat and a good knob of butter I
mean a serious one
infusing the bunch of dried herbs in the
seasoning butter will ensure a better
distribution of the aromas at the end
drop in the shallots and the garlic and
cook them till they get soft after a few
minutes pour in a good amount of fresh
and acidic white wine like new scatter
or Sauvignon or whatever one you like
seasoned well with so
pepper and let the wine evaporate a bit
so the amount of wine in this recipe is
totally up to you I am using half a
bottle of it because I like it and also
because I want to spare some glasses for
the meal afterwards you can use beer
instead or you can use apple cider as
well or if you don't want to use alcohol
you can use a pint of veg stock and a
drizzle of vinegar and still the dish
will be amazing
I'm telling you French cooking is not
cast in stone what's important is that
you own place the muscles in along with
the celery leaves cook them cover for
about 5 minutes stirring once or twice
when they open nicely they are ready to
go just discard the closed one it might
not be exactly in the classic
Musclemania recipe but I like to add a
dash of double cream in mind you know
just to make it a bit more no tea and
also because I own it sprinkle that with
parsley and stir well combine all those
lovely ingredients together the flavors
are intense and perfectly balanced
butter mussels and shallots bring a deep
richness yet the white wine and the
herbs bring a much-appreciated freshness
serve them as they are always french
fries on the side so guys that's it I
told you this recipe is nothing
difficult and considering the amazing
result at the end you should definitely
give it a try so like comment share it
on your social media and subscribe to
foodtube back to my own channel as well
for many more delicious recipes but I
tell you what you need more ok I made a
friendship a spy with an American twist
crispy creamy and with bold flavors it
is easy to make contingent check out the
video right now on my channel messy